Welcome back.
Now that you have a doctor set up and doctor is running.
Let's go to our smart brain API project which I have over here and build a sample doc Rafal and we're
using this project because by the end of this section we're actually going to build a docker file for
this entire project.
So to start off what we need to do is to well first of all let's close this server for now.
There you go.
And what we need to do is to first build an image an image file that or can read and the way we do that
is by creating a new file at the root of our project.
So I'm going to say actually I'm just going to do it here.
I'm going to say touch and we have to call this docker file and this Daka file will be our image.
So if I hit Enter Here we see that we now have a doc file in our project.
So let's open this up and this is completely empty right now and that's fine.
Now in here if you remember we can include images that I showed you in or hub that other people have
been.
So for example we want node to be running on this project.
Let's see our node version for our smart brain up.
If I do no dash fee I see that it's a point nine point one.
All right let's go to Dr. Haab which I have it up over here.
And let's check out node
and we want to run a version we see that has the lead of the latest version of version 8 which is fine
for us.
It's also called carbon.
So if I click here I see that.
Oh yeah that's a docker file but I just need the node carbon or node.
This specific version for now we can just say from with capital letters and we're going to just go ahead
and say a node carbon and that's it.
So we're saying just grab the node carbon image
and I can put on here the version number and any of these tags that you see that you want for your project.
And then finally I'm going to do a nother command called CMT that stands for command and in here it's
going to be an array of commands that we want to run after we grab the node version.
So all I'm going to say is Ben Bash and I'll show you what that does in a second.
Now the first command as I said before tells docker to use the node image from or hub again the official
daquiri image repository.
And this is what we call a parent image of our image.
Now the CMD or command instruction tells us what to run in the container which allows us to access its
bash profile again something that I'm going to show you will make more sense later.
Now let's go to our terminal make sure we save this file and I can run now the command docker again
that comes with the docker install that we just had.
We just say docker build and give it a tag name.
So Dasht T is for tag and we can say whatever you want we'll say.
Super awesome container.
And once I press enter and here's a little trick because we have to tell it what to build.
We we have to give it a period at the end so build all.
And the current directory is going to find a doc or file and there you go.
It's running everything running everything you see over here.
It's doing the From note carbon.
Step 2 the command that we just said.
And it says successfully built and successfully tagged the super awesome container.
This just created our first daquiri image with the tag name using the dark profiled that we just currently
had.
And again I ran this command from the root directory which is where our doc file is located.
Now that took a bit of time.
If I have run this command again see how much faster that was and that's because instead of downloading
Noad all over again like it did the first time around Dockers going to use the cached image or remembers
the image.
So it becomes a lot faster.
And now let me clear this we can do something fun.
We can do the instead of Dr. Bill now which we just did we do Dr. run and Daco run.
We have to give it a few parameters.
And then the name of our container.
So let's say the super OSS can take care that we created
Whoa.
Do you just see that.
We just ran our docking container and it took us to our container.
Now you see that my terminal is completely different.
We're inside the container.
Now why did it do that.
Because we just ran our docker container.
And if you remember our command was to do bin bash and this comment simply says to go into the bash
profile that is the Ben bash of our container and you see over here that we have root at some hash.
This is a hash that is generated randomly by darker to know which containers which.
Very cool.
But if we did actually install node then we should be able to have the note command right.
So fibrin no dash V from our container.
Look at that we have the node version but I see I got six point fourteen point one.
That's not what we expected because if we look over here we installed carbon and that should be a point
in love.
But instead we got six point fourteen which is boron.
Interesting.
Let's change the version number to the actual number.
So in our case Leisure's say that we one version eight point eleven an endpoint.
Let's see what we had here.
Point one want to save this.
And I'm going to exit out if you're just typing exit and rerun our commands again to remember the first
thing we do is we want to build and let's see what happens here.
All right.
It's building everything.
And now if we run our other command which is Daka run
and let's see node version.
All right we have our node version correct.
You always want to check this to make sure whatever you installed is correct because sometimes you can
make mistakes and think you have a CRN version but you don't.
So you always want to check your containers to make sure that whatever you have set up is actually on
there.
But as you can see everything is running smoothly.
We have a machine a container with node preset or for us.
And how simple is that.
By the way just for fun let me exit out of this again.
I want to clear and let's run this command
without the dash I-T parameters and you see that we can go into the container and that is because the
command gives us what we call a TDY environment or it allows us to enter this dock or container.
Now that we've gotten a little bit used to docker we have a few more things to learn so I'll see you
in the next video.
Buh-Bye.